---
title: 2.2b
sidebar_position: 92
slug: /804eec9c-f6be-4cde-bb2e-32df09eed954
---



## -- title: Identify Renderings (2.2b)

- Open the **menu** for the project and select **Biblical Terms Renderings**.

There are two ways to identify a rendering of a biblical term in the mini Biblical Terms Renderings panel.

- Paste or type the rendering in the Edit renderings dialog
- Drag and drop

### Using the Edit renderings dialog box

- Double click to select the rendering in the text.
- Press **Ctrl C** to copy it.
- Double click the Renderings cell in the row for the Biblical Term.
	- _The Edit Renderings dialog box opens_.
- Type or paste it in the Renderings box.
- Click **OK**.
	- _The rendering is now shown in the Renderings column, and a tick is shown in the Found column to show it is present in this verse_.

### To approve a guessed rendering


The guessed rendering is shown in the Renderings box with its orange background.

- Double click the Renderings cell
	- _The Edit Renderings dialog box opens_.
- Select the box “**Approve guessed renderings**”.
- Click **OK**.
	- _The orange background is removed_.

### Drag and drop – one-time setup


By default, drag and drop is disabled in Paratext to prevent you from reordering words by accident.

- Open the main Paratext menu.
- Under Paratext, click **Paratext Settings.**
	- _The Paratext Settings dialog box opens_.
- “Enable Drag-and-Drop in Text Windows” is **not selected**.
- Click the checkbox.
- Click **OK** to save the settings.
	- _Drag and drop is now enabled_.

### Using Drag and drop

- First, select the relevant word or phrase.
- Then click on the selection but keep holding down the **left** mouse button.
- Whilst keeping the mouse button down, drag the mouse pointer to the row for the term in the Biblical Terms Renderings panel.
- Let go of the mouse button.
	- _The word appears in the Renderings column_.

### Using the full Biblical Terms window


The full Biblical Terms window provides another way to identify a rendering and approve a guess.

- Open the **menu** for the window.
- **Expand** the menu.
- Under **Tools**, click **Biblical Terms**.
	- _In the Biblical Terms window, the lowest pane displays the verses where the selected Biblical term occurs_.

### To identify the rendering of a biblical term

- Select the rendering in the verse text.
- On the toolbar, the button “**Add Rendering**” identifies the selected text as a rendering. (or Ctrl+A)

**To approve the guessed renderings for a biblical term**

- Select one or more biblical terms (using Ctrl or Shift-click)
- Open the **menu** for the window.
- Click “**Approve guessed renderings in selected terms**”.
